#Vision

##Background and problem description

At the moment, there is no one stop shop for adventure activities online. For thrill seekers it can be hard to find a safe and reliable adventure company.Adventure tourism is a $263 billion worldwide market annually. Yet for every $100 spent on tourism in a developing country, only $5 stays in their local economy. The founder of Zafarya found that the majority of these smaller adventure are run by passionate and driven instructors. This unfortunately means that many of them can not afford nice-looking and easy to use websites. It’s therefore very hard to convince people to book with them. A trust mechanism is currently missing.
The idea behind the project is therefore to connect business owners with clients, enabling them to easily set up an business, regardless of location. This also enables a network of trust, for them to sell their product without having to set up a booking system.

##Users and user-groups

Business owners of “adventure businesses”, primarily within the field of  tourism
Backpackers/ tourists with a higher disposable income within the ages of 18-35

##Stakeholders
Jeremy Bloom; Zafarya 
Starting Businesses within the field of tourism

##Market

There are some similar sites available on the market, such as Airbnb, a website for renting of rooms and apartments, where the user is able to search by location, date as well as other variables. Although the product is housing, instead of booking of tourist activities, the base functionality is similar to the idea which Zafarya founder has.Another site which is similar is Appointedd, which enables the user to add appointments with customers in a calendar. It also allows the user to setup a micropage, for the booking of timeslots. The interface is however subpar, and does not feel intuitive, and might therefore scare off business owners from user their site. The main user group seems to be the business owner, rather than the customer, thereby lacking somewhat the full extent of what is intended for Zafarya.
Trekksoft is another site, which enables the user to set up a booking system, as well as setting up a page for booking interface. The user can set up a page using the built in content management system, as well as a booking system, which again focuses on the business owner. The user can also search for activities, however the separation between users, i.e the business owner and the customer is somewhat blurred.



